ATBiblioList Manual

Product description

  ATBiblioList is an add-on module to Raphael Ritz's CMFBibliographyAT.

  The main purpose of ATBiblioList is to let Plone portal users organize
  existing Bibliography References into lists that can be exported.

  see README.txt for dependencies, installation instructions, and other
  basic informations.

Create a Bibliography List

  Bibliography Lists are implicitely addable by default.
  It means that they can be created from anywhere in the portal unless
  a portal administrator has changed that behavior.
  Preferably, those lists will be created by users in their own 'Home
  Directory' or 'Work Space'.
  To Add a Bibliography List to the portal, do as for any other Plone
  content Type: Use the 'Add content' menu or choose 'Bibliography List'
  and click 'Add' from the content page of the folder you want to add the
  list in.

Add Bibliography References to the list

  Once you created a Bibliography List and gave it a title (required),
  you can start adding Bibliography References to it.
  Click on the 'Browse...' button present on the 'edit' page of the list.
  A popup window shows out, from which you can browse all bibliography
  folders that you can access, or perform specific searches to find the
  bibliographycal references that you want to add to the list.
  When done close the popup window, and don't forget to save your changes.

Remove Bibliography References from the list

  Once you've added some Bibliography References to your Bibliography
  List, you can see them in the 'Bibliographical References' list on the
  'edit' page.
  If you need to remove one or more references, just select them and click
  the 'Remove selected items' button.
  Once more, don't forget to save your changes.

Display the Bibliography References

  Once you've created and populated your Bibliography List, you may want
  to have it rendered in a way that suits some publishing requirements.
  If you installed ATBiblioStyles, you can choose the way the list has to be
  rendered from its edit page. First, you can choose what Bibliographical
  Style must be respected while displaying the list. The styles that are
  registered with the BibliographyList Tool are displayed First, then the ones
  that were defined Through The Web (see further in this manual to learn how
  to create new bibliography styles).
  After choosing the Bibliographical Style, you can set the list type
  (bulleted, ordered, etc..).

Export Bibliography Lists

  CMFBibliographyAT lets you export/download an entire Bibliography
  Folder or any individual Bibliography Reference contained in such
  folder.
  If you want to export only a portion of the Bibliography References
  contained in one folder, or if you want to export a selection of
  Bibliography References that are not contained in the same folder, you
  can use ATBiblioList.
  You just have to create a list, select the Bibliography References that
  you want to export, click on the 'download' content tab and choose the
  format in which you want them to be exported.

